ARROW-13530: [C++] Implement cumulative sum compute function (#12460)
apache/arrow: docs/source/cpp/compute.rst

Cumulative functions are vector functions that perform a running total on their
input using an given binary associatve operation and output an array containing
the corresponding intermediate running values. The input is expected to be of
numeric type. By default these functions do not detect overflow. They are also
available in an overflow-checking variant, suffixed ``_checked``, which returns
an ``Invalid`` :class:`Status` when overflow is detected.

+------------------------+-------+-------------+-------------+--------------------------------+-------+
| Function name          | Arity | Input types | Output type | Options class                  | Notes |
+========================+=======+=============+=============+================================+=======+
| cumulative_sum         | Unary | Numeric     | Numeric     | :struct:`CumulativeSumOptions` | \(1)  |
+------------------------+-------+-------------+-------------+--------------------------------+-------+
| cumulative_sum_checked | Unary | Numeric     | Numeric     | :struct:`CumulativeSumOptions` | \(1)  |
+------------------------+-------+-------------+-------------+--------------------------------+-------+

> * \(1) CumulativeSumOptions has two optional parameters. The first is
>   :member:`CumulativeSumOptions::start`, which is an optional starting value for
>   the running sum with the same type as the input. start has and default value
>   of 0. The second parameter is :member:`CumulativeSumOptions::skip_nulls`, which
>   is a boolean that when set to false, the first encountered null is propagated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* \(1) CumulativeSumOptions has two optional parameters. The first parameter
  :member:`CumulativeSumOptions::start` is a starting value for the running
  sum. It has a default value of 0. Specified values of ``start`` must have the
  same type as the input. The second parameter 
  :member:`CumulativeSumOptions::skip_nulls` is a boolean. When set to
  false (the default), the first encountered null is propagated. When set to
  true, each null in the input produces a corresponding null in the output.
```
